1.'WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With a bitter election campaign finally over, the Congress will reconvene this week to try to set aside its partisan differences long enough to keep the government from closing. As President-elect Donald Trump shapes his administration, Republicans are expected to move away from initial plans for compromise funding legislation and opt instead for a short-term measure to keep the government running into next year, when they will have control of Congress and the White House.   Washington has been operating since Oct. 1 under a temporary “continuing resolution” on the budget. It expires on Dec. 9. Lawmakers will be trying to approve a new one before then. Mired in partisan gridlock, Congress in recent years has seldom completed the entire federal budget process, falling back frequently on stop-gap measures that last a few months. During their “lame-duck” session starting this week, lawmakers will have little time to draft another continuing resolution to cover funding U.S. agencies and military operations. Congress is tentatively set to adjourn by Dec. 17 and has an additional break over the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday. A new Congress will meet in January, with the 100-seat Senate more closely split than before last week’s elections. Neither party will have the 60 votes needed to move legislation easily through the chamber. The voters last Tuesday also preserved the Republican majority in the House of Representatives, though it is slightly smaller, giving the Democrats more power to block the Republicans. Legislation to streamline federal regulations for new drugs could come up during the lame duck session. So could funding for cancer research, precision medicine and treatments for opioid addiction, said congressional aides. Some conservative House Republicans want a budget measure that will expire in March, which would coincide with needed action on the federal debt limit, according to House aides. Others have talked about a continuing resolution that would run until sometime February, giving the new president and Congress enough time to determine their priorities for more comprehensive funding legislation for the remainder of the federal fiscal year, which ends on Sept. 30. Before the election shifted the political center of gravity in favor of Republicans, Republican leaders had talked about crafting funding legislation through negotiations with Democrats and President Barack Obama and approving it before Christmas. '


2.'For the first time since before the first time he ruined his own life  —   not to mention the second time, and the third  —   Anthony D. Weiner is off Twitter. This is the Democratic former congressman and repeat candidate for mayor of New York who extinguished his own political career with a series of lewd social media messages to strangers. The human implosion who spent years scrubbing the stains out of his reputation, with regular media appearances and Twitter commentary as the mop. The punch line who has now lost just about everything but his unfortunate name to revelations that he had, once again, exchanged sexually charged Twitter messages with a woman he had never met. But for Mr. Weiner, there always seemed to be something else to say. Normally too defiant to lie low, Mr. Weiner has always insisted he had no choice but to stay in the game. But in the wake of his third instance of scandal in five years, friends say he is wholly devastated and uncertain about the future. His wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, announced their separation on Monday. The Daily News and NY1, two of the media outlets that still offered him a platform for his ideas and his political expertise, have cut ties with him. Mr. Weiner has been seeing a therapist, according to one friend who spoke to him recently. To talk about Mr. Weiner is to deal in metaphor and allegory his problems must always mean something else. Amateur psychoanalysts are, suddenly, everywhere, the way sexting experts were in the days after his 2011 resignation from Congress. His basic humanity is obscured by the public character he and the New York news media  —   the world’s biggest, hungriest pack of journalists  —   jointly conspired to create: Anthony Weiner, loudmouth liberal hero from Brooklyn turned tragic hero of tabloid proportions. He continues to be the easiest of targets. “It’s sad and a little bit ironic that a guy who understood the intersection of politics and technology and media better than anyone, and exploited it better than anyone to fuel his rise, fell because of it,” said Stu Loeser, a former spokesman for Senator Chuck Schumer and former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Mr. Loeser has known Mr. Weiner since working for Mr. Schumer, Mr. Weiner’s old mentor, in the early 2000s. “Removing himself from the public conversation, he’s taking himself out of the part of the equation that has proven again and again to be part of his downfall,” Mr. Loeser said. If giving up his microphone was an attempt by Mr. Weiner to reclaim private citizenship, it may have come too late. A former public official with a powerful wife who never seemed quite convinced that he belonged out of the spotlight, Mr. Weiner was unreluctantly dragged back into it time after time by a public that refused to avert its eyes from him. (His recent turn as the subject of “Weiner,” the documentary released this year that chronicled the abrupt collapse of his 2013 mayoral bid amid revelations that he had sent sexually charged photos to admirers under the pseudonym “Carlos Danger,” did not help.) Friends and associates contacted for this article, most of whom asked to remain anonymous because they did not wish to be seen as inflaming the spectacle, said his near silence seemed to reflect an acknowledgment of the depth of the crisis confronting him and his marriage. Mr. Weiner has told friends that he feels deeply remorseful about the fresh humiliation the documentary dredged up for his wife. And in recent months, as Ms. Abedin shadowed Mrs. Clinton on the presidential campaign trail, Mr. Weiner felt he owed it to his wife to embrace a supporting role. At home with their    son, Jordan, Mr. Weiner kept busy cooking the Blue Apron meals Ms. Abedin ordered for them. “I think one of the blessings, in his mind, of the first scandal was how much time he did get to spend with Jordan,” a person who is friendly with Mr. Weiner said, explaining that if he had remained in Congress, he would have seen his son infrequently. “The time with Jordan  —   he really seemed to enjoy and thrive on it. ” The latest blast of scandal was especially shattering to Mr. Weiner, three of these people said, because he was what they described as an intensely caring and devoted father to Jordan, who appeared, asleep, in one of the photographs of Mr. Weiner’s crotch. On Wednesday, The New York Post reported that the city’s Administration for Children’s Services had opened an investigation into Mr. Weiner’s treatment of his son. Mr. Weiner, in his only comment to The New York Times, said via email, “We haven’t been contacted by A. C. S. ” An agency spokeswoman, citing privacy, said it could not comment on whether a case had been opened. In the documentary, Mr. Weiner explains that his virtual encounters were like a “video game” to him. But several of his friends and associates said Mr. Weiner’s third indiscretion had convinced them that he had an addiction or another clinical disorder, though he has denied as much in the past. With Mr. Weiner’s every round of   the hallmarks of addiction seem increasingly to apply, though the psychiatrists interviewed for this article emphasized that they could not give a diagnosis for Mr. Weiner without evaluating him in person. “There’s behavior where you can’t stop what you’re doing, and it makes no sense,” said Dr. Kenneth P. Rosenberg, an addiction psychiatrist and clinical associate professor at     Cornell Medical Center. “If it crosses over the threshold of causing significant problems for you  —   personal, occupational, social problems  —   then in my mind, you’ve earned the diagnosis of addiction. ” Asked by Bloomberg News in January why he continued to use social media, Mr. Weiner portrayed the activity as part of his professional and civic identity. “I have no choice but to not let it debilitate me,” he said, referring to the scandals. “It also doesn’t make me care any less, or make me think that if I have something clever to say on Twitter I shouldn’t say it, or if I have an idea I shouldn’t espouse it, or if I have a company that needs my help I shouldn’t help, or if someone calls me for advice on how to run for office I shouldn’t sit down with him. I don’t know what my alternative is. ” He repeated the argument as he granted an interview to The New York Times Magazine appeared on Stephen Colbert’s and Bill Maher’s television shows during the week of the Democratic National Convention, among other television forays penned columns in The Daily News and continued to joust and kibitz with reporters, ideological adversaries and random people on Twitter. Mr. Loeser offered Mr. Weiner, whom he called a “flawed genius,” a flicker of hope that he could find a way to stay engaged: Mr. Weiner’s mastery of liberal crosscurrents and media appetite would make him, in Mr. Loeser’s estimation, a smart person to hire for any organization looking to push a message. (Mr. Weiner has also acted as a consultant for private clients.) This will be Mr. Weiner’s third stab at addressing a scandal of his own making. The last time, he held a news conference, his wife smiling at his side. This time, however, there is no public constituency he is obligated to address  —   only public curiosity, waiting, insatiably, for answers.'

3.'MANILA (Reuters) - A tropical storm in the southern Philippines triggered mudslides and flash floods that killed more than 100 people, while dozens are missing, police and disaster officials said on Saturday. The casualties, most of them caused late on Friday, were all on the main southern island of Mindanao, they said, adding three provinces were hardest hit. Disaster officials said many residents had ignored warnings to leave coastal areas and riverbanks.  Many people were swept to the sea as flood waters quickly rose due to the high tide,  Manuel Luis Ochotorena, a disaster agency official, said.  They never heeded the warnings. They thought it was a weak storm but it dumped more rains.   Hundreds of kilometers to the east, army and emergency workers were checking reports an entire village was buried by mudslide in Tubod town in Lanao del Norte. Ryan Cabus, a local official, said power and communication lines to the area had been cut, complicating rescue efforts. The weather bureau said the storm had gathered strength over the Sulu Sea and was packing winds of up 80 kph (50 mph) and moving west at 20 kph.  It was heading out over the sea by midday on Saturday and would have moved clear of the Philippines by Monday, it said. Emergency workers, soldiers, police and volunteers were being mobilized to search for survivors, clear debris, and restore power and communications. More than 100 deaths were reported in various places  including 60 in Tubod, El Salvador and Munai towns in Lanao del Norte province. In Zamboanga del Norte province, police said 42 people had been killed in the towns of Sibuco and Salug. Three people were killed in Bukidnon province, while politicians in Lanao del Sur province said 18 people had drowned in flash floods there. Sixty-four people were reported missing in floods and landslides, according to a tally of reports form officials and police. The Philippines is battered by about 20 typhoons every year, bringing death and destruction, usually to the poorest communities.  Last week, 46 people were killed in the central Philippines when a typhoon hit. In 2013, super typhoon Haiyan killed nearly 8,000 people and left 200,000 families homeless.    '

4.'You’re at the checkout counter. Your items have been bagged. Your credit card is in your hand. Do you swipe it or insert it? The question has become vexing enough in the United States that a plea from one Twitter user for the country to “get on the same page” has become the unofficial, albeit vulgar, mantra of the nation’s consumers, with tens of thousands of retweets and likes. Ten months into the transition to chip cards, it’s clear there’s no going back. But as the national frustration grows, here are answers to some burning questions. There is reason to hope. About 75 percent of credit cards are  . If all businesses upgraded their terminals  —   which they are not required to do by law  —   at least the confusion over whether to swipe or insert would be settled. So far, about   of the nation’s merchants have made the transition, said Jason Oxman, chief executive of Electronic Transactions Association, a trade group for companies that deal with payment products and services. But while many of them have the terminals, they are waiting to get them certified for use, said Jared Drieling, the business intelligence manager for the Strawhecker Group, a consulting company for the industry. Technological improvements generally make things easier, but that’s not what this change is about. The longer wait times at checkout occur because of all  these steps in the process: • The chip creates a   code. • The payment terminal sends it to the bank. • The bank matches it to an identical   code. • The bank then sends back verification. Voilà! The good news: New software is being developed to allow chip cards to be inserted and quickly removed, speeding up the process, Mr. Drieling said. Security. “You can’t counterfeit a chip card,” Mr. Oxman said. “You can very easily counterfeit a strip card. ” Financial institutions changed the rules attached to their terminals last year. Now, if a counterfeit card is used because a merchant doesn’t have the technology to process   cards, the merchant is responsible for paying the fraudulent charges. Businesses that sell goods, like electronics, that can be easily resold on the black market are often targeted by people with fraudulent cards. Because of that, they have a lot of motivation to upgrade. If they don’t, they must pay the bill for all those purchases. “But the local coffee shop might not be getting a lot of fraud activity,” Mr. Oxman said, so there’s less motivation to get the new terminals. There is a chance, then, that at the onset of a purchase, you’ll never really know whether to swipe or dip. Get used to it. “The loud, annoying beep that you’re referring to is to remind you to take the card out,” Mr. Oxman said. “The goal of the noise is to get your attention, and it sounds like it’s working. ” But as Kathleen Dunn, 27, of Nashville pointed out, the sound rings of rejection. “I hate the noise. It makes me feel like my card got declined, and I panic every time,” Ms. Dunn said via a message on Twitter. Dieter Bohn, the executive editor of The Verge, a technology site, characterized the situation as a “checkout dance” in an article. That dance is caused in part by the fact that many places that have the new terminals can’t use the chip reader technology yet. They’re not broken  —   they’re just waiting to be certified, and that process can sometimes take months. Until then, retailers are responsible for any fraudulent charges, and they’re not happy about it. It’s likely, but their transition is long in the past now. “We’re really one of the last G20 nations to adopt E. M. V. ,” said Mr. Drieling, referring to the chip technology by an acronym for Europay, MasterCard and Visa, the technology’s early advocates. The chips work a little differently in the 150 other countries using them: The cardholder also enters a PIN at the terminal, which lets the verification process happen offline, Mr. Oxman said. Banks and retailers are at odds over why the United States isn’t adopting the PIN system. Why it has taken so long to adopt the chip technology in the United States has a lot to do with its bigger and more complex market. “Changing it is a huge undertaking,” Mr. Oxman said. Probably not much longer. Most of the new terminals that accept the   cards are also equipped with the technology to accept contactless payments, like Apple Pay or Android Pay. And while there is disagreement about whether mobile wallets are  faster than chip cards, mobile payment makes it feel as if the transaction is moving more quickly. “There is a perfect storm brewing for mobile wallets,” Mr. Drieling said. Until then, perhaps you can use that extra time at the checkout counter to commiserate with the cashier. “I always bring it up during the awkward silence caused by the amount of time the chip takes to read,” Ross Schickler, 19, of Springfield, N. J. said in a Twitter message. “They always laugh and agree. ”'


5.'Ukraine wants the United Nations to brand Russia a terrorism sponsor amid bloody clashes between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government troops.\n\nThe Ukrainian ambassador to the UN told Fox News he plans to submit a draft resolution asking the UN General Assembly to formally label “Russia as a sponsor of terrorism."\n\nAmbassador Yuriy Sergeyev gave no timetable for when he would present the resolution to the UN. He said government officials in Kiev are working on the text.\n\nSergeyev told Fox News the resolution will mirror the Ukrainian parliament’s declaration this week, designating the Moscow-backed separatists in East Ukraine as a terrorist group.\n\nKiev believes that by defining the separatists as terrorists it eliminates any notion that it would engage in peace talks with them.\n\nSergeyev warned of a “huge war” if the separatists take more territory or build a corridor to southern Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula, which Russia annexed almost a year ago.\n\nUkraine and the West accuse Russia of backing the rebels with troops and weapons, which Russia denies.\n\nMeanwhile, artillery fire killed at least 12 civilians in the main rebel stronghold of Donetsk on Friday amid fierce fighting between pro-Russia separatists and government troops as hopes for a break in hostilities were dashed when an attempt to call a new round of peace talks failed.\n\nFive people were killed as they were waiting for humanitarian aid outside a community center and two people were killed in the same neighborhood when a mortar shell landed near a bus stop.\n\nBy the time an Associated Press journalist arrived at the community center, the bodies were taken away. Nearby trees were cut down by what could have been a projectile.\n\nFive other people died Friday in sporadic artillery fire in the west of Donetsk.\n\nFull-blown fighting between the Russian-backed separatists and government forces erupted anew earlier this month following a period of relative tranquility.\n\nFox News\' Jonathan Wachtel and The Associated Press contributed to this report'

