1.Judicial Watch has released documents obtained in response to a court order including emails that show a pay to play game going on between the Clintons and donors: A number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between Clinton s State Department and the Clinton Foundation. What s even more disturbing is the lack of concern for national security in the heavily redacted emails:The heavily redacted documents from Abedin s non-government account include an email from Hillary Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, to Abedin revealing that he acted as a go-between for a Clinton Foundation donor, Richard Park. And they reveal Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band instructing Abedin to  show love  to Clinton donor Andrew Liveris.The documents included six Clinton email exchanges not previously turned over to the State Department, bringing the known total to date to at least 439 emails that were not part of the 55,000 pages of emails that Clinton turned over to the State Department, and further contradicting a statement by Clinton that,  as far as she knew,  all of her government emails had been turned over to the State Department.The documents are in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) for:  All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address. A number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between Clinton s State Department and the Clinton Foundation.In July 2009, in reference to the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue, Clinton Global Initiative head Doug Band told Abedin that she  Need[s] to show love  to Andrew Liveris, the CEO of Dow Chemical. Band also asked for Liveris to be introduced to Hillary,  and have her mention both me and wjc . Dow gave between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative. Band also pushes for Clinton to do a favor for Karlheinz Koegel, a major Clinton Foundation contributor, who wanted Hillary Clinton to give the  honor speech  for his media prize to  Merkel. The emails reveal that on June 19, 2009, Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, passed a long a letter for Hillary Clinton for Clinton donor Richard Park. Park donated $100,000 to Bill Clinton as far back as 1993 and is listed by the Clinton Foundation as a $100,000 to $250,000 donor Read more: Judicial Watch.


2.'Wow! These guys are so proud of their scummy lies to America to get Obamacare through. There s a special place in Hell for these jerks  '

3.'On Monday, as a crowd of supporters gathered inside the campaign headquarters of Zena Stephens, an African-American woman who is running for Sheriff of Jefferson County, Texas, a man opened fire on the building.According to local CBS affiliate KFDM, witnesses say a white man fired shouted  fucking niggers,  before opening fire from the passenger side of a white jeep.No one was injured during the attack, but the glass doors leading into Stephens campaign headquarters were shattered. Stephens said the weapon appeared to be either a BB gun or an air rifle.Someone from Stephens  campaign headquarters followed the vehicle, helping police to locate and apprehend the suspects.Five people have been detained in connection with the incident.During an interview with KFDM, Stephens referred to the attack  an example of ignorance. Whether we re getting ready for an election or not,  the candidate said,  it s just an example of ignorance. Anytime you try to hurt somebody   it s just ignorance. Here s more on the story from KFDM.This is a clear case of voter intimidation. Whomever fired that shot should be punished to the fullest extent of the law.The words the shooter, reported as either  fucking niggers,  or  fuck them niggers,  leave no room for doubt as to whether or not this was a racially-motivated hate crime.Ahead of Super Tuesday, white supremacists began placing robocalls supporting Donald Trump, claiming that whites in the U.S. and Europe are under attack from people of color.After the candidate refused to call the Ku Klux Klan a hate group earlier this week, Trump s son stumped for him on Fox and Friends, where he offered to pay to ship Black people out of the country.Trump s almost singular message, that non-whites are responsible for all of the problems facing his narrow-minded, bigoted supporters, has done nothing to make America great again.As everyone with a conscience and a soul has been saying for months, Trump s message is making America hate again.The right-wing is  taking America back,  alright. They re taking the country back to the days of Jim Crow, and racially motivated voter suppression and voter intimidation.Featured image via video screen capture KFDM'

4.'A staggering expos by Newsweek has revealed that the city and surrounding areas of once-great Detroit, are now so polluted that asthmatic people are literally choking to death.Zoe Schlanger s piece for Newsweek follows the story of 38-year-old asthmatic Jacqueline Carson and her 10-year-old son   forced to River Rogue, a small town of 7,000 on the edge of Detroit by unaffordable housing anywhere better. Prior to moving to the area, her asthma was a footnote in her life, and since, it has become the headline. She suffers multiple crippling attacks a week, and her lungs feel constantly under assault by the toxic air about her. Air which, Schlanger writes, has to be breathed to be believed: As I drove east from the Detroit airport into River Rouge,  she writes,  the acrid stench of rotten eggs filled my rental car despite the windows being rolled up against the cold. I kept driving, and the smell acquired notes of burnt plastic and gasoline. If I had been anywhere else, I d have worried that my car was about to burst into flames. But I was in River Rouge, so I knew better. I pulled into a gas station. As soon as I opened my car door, I could feel the air in the back of my throat like a fine spray of gravel.It s dirty in River Rouge, and everybody here knows it. The way the air smells, and the gas flares, coal piles and smokestacks around every corner don t let you forget. There are 52 sites of heavy industry within a 3-mile radius; 22 of these either produce over 25,000 pounds or handle more than 10,000 pounds of toxic chemical waste, putting them on the Environmental Protection Agency s Toxics Release Inventory Program. For years, the area has also been  out of compliance  for sulfur dioxide, meaning there s more SO 2  a known contributor to asthma in the air than federal rules allow.As with the water crisis in Flint, Michigan is failing to protect its citizens from harm by native industries. Polluting corporations are making the area uninhabitable, while the state stands idly by. As Schlanger uncovered:According to the latest state data, more than 15 percent of Detroit s adults have asthma, a 29 percent higher rate than the rest of Michigan. Detroiters are hospitalized for their asthma three times more frequently than other Michiganders. Being black ups the rate significantly: Black Detroiters are hospitalized for asthma at a rate more than 150 percent that of their white neighborsThese citizens pay their taxes, their mortgages and their rents to live in a place so polluted that people are becoming ill and dying.This is yet another life-critical failure to be added to the expanding list of Michigan s Republican Governor Rick Snyder   who now faces a recall petition by Michigan residents who have been made, quite literally sick, by his ultra-right wing policies. The petition has 60 days to gather 790,000 signatures to begin the process of ridding the state of perhaps the worst Governor in its history. Author of the petition, Rev. David Bullock of Detroit s Greater St. Matthew Baptist Church told WJBK: It s not about Democrats. This is not about Republicans. It s not about whites or blacks. It s not about rich or poor. You have all kinds of folks   rural citizens, urban citizens, people of faith, people who are atheist, [of varying] sexual orientation   we ve got everybody. And you have to ask yourself this question: When everybody agrees, what does that mean? I think that means Rick Snyder s got to go. Let s hope Snyder goes quickly, and the process of repairing the broken state of Michigan can begin in earnest. People s lives and livelihoods depend on it.You can watch a local news report from earlier this year about an increase in emissions from a Detroit factory, and the battle of locals to try to protect themselves and their families.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons'


5.'An elderly Massachussetts woman who wrote a letter to the Boston Globe denouncing Donald Trump now fears for her life after the Ku Klux Klan responded to her legitimate criticism of their favored presidential candidate. Louise Mayerson has been through a lot in her 84 years on this planet, coming from a  family who was forced to flee Austria when she was a child to escape Adolf Hitler s regime   but now she is forced to relive the terror her family felt as they fled the Nazis.Mayerson  s letter, published March 2, criticizes Trump s initial reticence in denouncing the numerous, numerous white supremacists who have publicly endorsed him:I AM an Austrian refugee from the time of Hitler who has been a US citizen for more than 70 years. I have found some alarming rhetoric coming from Donald Trump that is apparently finding approval from large numbers of my fellow Americans. With Trump s rather ambiguous response concerning his disavowal of the support of former Klansman David Duke, I have reached my breaking point ( Trump wavers on disavowing ex-KKK member,  Page A2, Feb. 29).We all know the opinions and actions the Ku Klux Klan stands for. Among the fellow Americans the KKK has sought out for its venom are American Jews. Trump s failure to immediately repudiate Duke chilled my blood.I can see myself needing to flee once more and perhaps return to my native country in Europe, where hateful rhetoric is now strictly forbidden and punishable by law. My outrage grows and grows and grows,  Mayerson said in an interview following the publication of her letter.  And it s flamed by the irresponsible actions, frankly, of Donald Trump. Unfortunately, the 84-year-old s expression of her completely legitimate misgivings about Trump s association with white supremacists was enough to throw them into a fit of rage. Days later, she received an envelop postmarked in Boston, There was no return address   after all, the Klan isn t exactly known for being forthcoming with their identities. There wasn t even a letter. Enclosed was a single Klan symbol: I believe somebody just read that letter, it touched a nerve, and that s the way they reacted,  Mayerson said. She contacted Arlington police, who are currently investigating the matter. They also contacted the Human Rights Commission, which assists hate crime victims. Mayerson says she is pleased with law enforcement s response, and that she is distressed by the   poisonous atmosphere that has been created  by Trump s rhetoric that can   lead to some pretty unpleasant things for all of us. Robert O. Trestan, regional director of the Anti-Defamation League, says that Trump s rhetoric will help this sort of thing to become commonplace: The more that hateful and denigrating speech becomes commonplace in the public realm from leaders, the greater the likelihood that people will start acting up, whether it s harassment via the mail or violence. A Trump spokeswoman refused to comment on the incident, though she did point out that the candidate did finally denounce his David Duke endorsement after he was unable to handle the media scrutiny: Mr. Trump has disavowed David Duke, the KKK and all other groups that espouse similar views. He will continue to do so. Trump may say he disavows the KKK and other white supremacists, but in the past he has tweeted some of their propaganda. In fact, based on a week of data collection, 62 percent of the people Trump retweets are white supremacists. Unfortunately, The Donald is exactly the sort of person who is popular with the White Power Rangers in the United States   and as long as we tolerate his hate speech, we can expect that this sort of thing will become the new normal.Featured image via YouTube'
